<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
    <head>
        <title>Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Digital Humanities Project</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <header>
            <h1>Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles</h1>
            <nav>
                <ul>
                    <li><a href="#origin">Origin Story</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#turtles">The Turtles</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#characters">Key Characters</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#legacy">Legacy</a></li>
                </ul>
            </nav>
        </header>
        
        <main>
            <section id="welcome">
                <h2>Cowabunga, Dude!</h2>
                <p>Welcome to our <strong>digital humanities exploration</strong> of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles! This project examines how four pizza-loving, sewer-dwelling heroes became one of the most enduring pop culture phenomena since the 1980s.</p>
            </section>
            
            <section id="origin">
                <h2>Origin Story</h2>
                <p>The TMNT franchise began in November 1983 when artist Kevin Eastman drew a sketch of a turtle wearing a ninja mask and wielding nunchucks. He and fellow artist Peter Laird found the concept <em>hilariously absurd</em> and decided to develop it into a full comic book.</p>
                
                <blockquote>
                    "This is the dumbest thing ever." — Kevin Eastman, on the original concept
                </blockquote>
                
                <p>The first issue was published in May 1984 by their company Mirage Studios (named because there was no actual studio, just Laird's living room). They printed 3,000 copies using Eastman's $500 tax return, Laird's $200 savings, and $1,300 borrowed from Eastman's uncle.</p>
                
                <h3>The Mutation Event</h3>
                <p>In the original comic, the Turtles' origin is tied to Marvel's Daredevil. A canister of radioactive isotope labeled "T.C.R.I." falls from a truck, strikes a bowl of baby turtles, and plummets into a New York sewer. The turtles are discovered by Splinter, a rat who was once the pet of ninja master Hamato Yoshi, who had been killed by the villainous Oroku Saki (the Shredder).</p>
            </section>
            
            <section id="turtles">
                <h2>Meet the Turtles</h2>
                <p>The four brothers were named after Renaissance artists by their sensei Splinter, each with distinct personalities and weapons:</p>
                
                <table>
                    <thead>
                        <tr>
                            <th>Name</th>
                            <th>Color</th>
                            <th>Weapon</th>
                            <th>Personality</th>
                        </tr>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <tr>
                            <td>Leonardo</td>
                            <td>Blue</td>
                            <td>Dual Katanas</td>
                            <td>Disciplined leader</td>
                        </tr>
                        <tr>
                            <td>Raphael</td>
                            <td>Red</td>
                            <td>Twin Sai</td>
                            <td>Hot-tempered tough guy</td>
                        </tr>
                        <tr>
                            <td>Donatello</td>
                            <td>Purple</td>
                            <td>Bo Staff</td>
                            <td>Intelligent inventor</td>
                        </tr>
                        <tr>
                            <td>Michelangelo</td>
                            <td>Orange</td>
                            <td>Nunchucks</td>
                            <td>Fun-loving party dude</td>
                        </tr>
                    </tbody>
                </table>
                
                <h3>Digital Markup Example</h3>
                <p>In our TEI encoding of TMNT comics, we might mark up character references like this:</p>
                <p><code>&lt;character name="Leonardo" role="leader" weapon="katana"&gt;Leo&lt;/character&gt;</code></p>
            </section>
            
            <section id="characters">
                <h2>Key Characters</h2>
                
                <div class="character">
                    <h3>Master Splinter</h3>
                    <p><strong>Species:</strong> Mutant rat<br />
                        <strong>Role:</strong> Sensei and father figure to the Turtles<br />
                        <strong>Background:</strong> Former pet of Hamato Yoshi; named for his skill at breaking wooden boards</p>
                </div>
                
                <div class="character">
                    <h3>April O'Neil</h3>
                    <p><strong>Occupation:</strong> Reporter (varies by version)<br />
                        <strong>Role:</strong> Human ally and friend to the Turtles<br />
                        <strong>Significance:</strong> Key bridge between the Turtles and the surface world</p>
                </div>
                
                <div class="character">
                    <h3>The Shredder (Oroku Saki)</h3>
                    <p><strong>Affiliation:</strong> Leader of the Foot Clan<br />
                        <strong>Role:</strong> Primary antagonist<br />
                        <strong>Design inspiration:</strong> A metal cheese grater that Eastman thought would make a fearsome weapon</p>
                </div>
                
                <h3>Notable Villains</h3>
                <ul>
                    <li>Krang - Brain-like alien warlord from Dimension X</li>
                    <li>Bebop and Rocksteady - Mutant warthog and rhinoceros henchmen</li>
                    <li>Foot Clan - Ninja organization (parody of Daredevil's "The Hand")</li>
                </ul>
            </section>
            
            <section id="legacy">
                <h2>Cultural Impact and Legacy</h2>
                <p>The TMNT franchise exploded in popularity with these milestones:</p>
                <ol>
                    <li>Comic book debut (1984) - Initially printed 3,000 copies</li>
                    <li>Animated series launch (1987) - Made the franchise kid-friendly</li>
                    <li>Toy line release (1988) - Generated $1.1 billion in sales by 1992</li>
                    <li>Live-action film (1990) - Became highest-grossing independent film at the time</li>
                    <li>Ongoing reboots and adaptations through 2025</li>
                </ol>
                
                <h3>Research Questions for Digital Analysis</h3>
                <p>Digital humanities scholars might explore:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>How did the Turtles' characterization change across media adaptations?</li>
                    <li>What role does nostalgia play in franchise longevity?</li>
                    <li>How do comic book parodies become mainstream phenomena?</li>
                </ul>
            </section>
        </main>
        
        <footer>
            <p>A <em>Digital Humanities</em> project exploring pop culture through computational methods.</p>
            <p>For more information, visit the <a href="https://turtlepedia.fandom.com/">TMNT Wiki</a> or learn about Digital Humanities at <a href="http://dh.obdurodon.org/">Obdurodon</a>.</p>
        </footer>
    </body>
</html>