<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
    <head>
        <meta charset="UTF-8" />
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
        <title>Flexbox Exercise - Star Wars Scene</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="flexbox_sw_blank.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Flexbox Exercise - Star Wars Scene</h1>
        
        <!-- Scene Narration -->
        <div class="column-container">
            <p class="stage_directions">
                The startled guards are momentarily dumbfounded. Luke and Han have already pulled out their laser pistols 
                and are blasting away at the terrifying Wookiee. Their barrage of laserfire misses Chewbacca, but hits the 
                camera eyes, laser gate controls, and the Imperial guards.
            </p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>HAN:</strong> We've got to find out which cell this princess of yours is in. Here it is... cell twenty-one-eight-seven. You go get her. I'll hold them here.</p>
        </div>
        
        <!-- Luke and Leia's Dialogue -->
        <div class="row-container">
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>LEIA:</strong> Aren't you a little short to be a stormtrooper?</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>LUKE:</strong> What? Oh... the uniform. I'm Luke Skywalker. I'm here to rescue you.</p>
        </div>
        
        <!-- Vader and Tarkin's Conversation -->
        <div class="row-container">
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>VADER:</strong> He is here...</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>TARKIN:</strong> Obi-Wan Kenobi! What makes you think so?</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>VADER:</strong> A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master.</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>TARKIN:</strong> The Jedi are extinct. You, my friend, are all that's left of their religion.</p>
        </div>
        
        <!-- Han and Chewie's Action Scene with Stage Directions -->
        <div class="column-container">
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>HAN:</strong> Chewie!</p>
            <p class="stage_directions">An ominous buzzing sound is heard on the other side of the elevator door. Chewbacca responds with a growling noise.</p>
        </div>
        
        <!-- Battle Scene -->
        <div class="column-container">
            <p class="stage_directions">Luke, Leia, and Han are caught in a fierce battle, firing their blasters at the stormtroopers who have cut off their escape route.</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>HAN:</strong> Can't get out that way.</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>LEIA:</strong> Looks like you managed to cut off our only escape route.</p>
        </div>
        
        <!-- Additional Scene -->
        <div class="row-container">
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>HAN:</strong> (sarcastically) Maybe you'd like it back in your cell, Your Highness.</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>LUKE:</strong> See-Threepio! See-Threepio!</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>THREEPIO:</strong> (over comlink) Yes sir?</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>LUKE:</strong> We've been cut off! Are there any other ways out of the cell bay?... What was that? I didn't copy!</p>
        </div>
        
        <!-- Control Tower Scene -->
        <div class="column-container">
            <p class="stage_directions">Threepio paces the control center as little Artoo beeps and whistles a blue streak. Threepio yells into the small comlink transmitter.</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>THREEPIO:</strong> I said, all systems have been alerted to your presence, sir. The main entrance seems to be the only way in or out; all other information on your level is restricted.</p>
            <p class="stage_directions">Someone begins banging on the door.</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>TROOPER VOICE:</strong> Open up in there!</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>THREEPIO:</strong> Oh, no!</p>
        </div>
        
        <!-- Detention Corridor Scene -->
        <div class="column-container">
            <p class="stage_directions">Luke and Leia crouch together in an alcove for protection as they continue to exchange fire with troops. Han and Chewbacca are barely able to keep the stormtroopers at bay at the far end of the hallway. The laserfire is very intense, and smoke fills the narrow cell corridor.</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>LUKE:</strong> There isn't any other way out.</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>HAN:</strong> I can't hold them off forever! Now what?</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>LEIA:</strong> This is some rescue. When you came in here, didn't you have a plan for getting out?</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>HAN:</strong> (pointing to Luke) He's the brains, sweetheart.</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>LUKE:</strong> Well, I didn't...</p>
        </div>
        
        <!-- Garbage Chute Scene -->
        <div class="row-container">
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>LEIA:</strong> Somebody has to save our skins. Into the garbage chute, wise guy.</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>HAN:</strong> Get in there you big furry oaf! I don't care what you smell! Get in there and don't worry about it.</p>
            <p class="stage_directions">Han gives him a kick and the Wookiee disappears into the tiny opening. Luke and Han continue firing as they work their way toward the opening.</p>
            <p class="dialogue"><strong>HAN:</strong> Wonderful girl! Either I'm going to kill her or I'm beginning to like her. Get in there!</p>
            <p class="stage_directions">Luke ducks laserfire as he jumps into the darkness. Han fires off a couple of quick blasts creating a smoky cover, then slides into the chute himself and is gone.</p>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
